restructure the contributing guide (#7681)
pydata/xarray: doc/contributing.rst

`Developers meeting <https://docs.xarray.dev/en/stable/developers-meeting.html>`_.
You are very welcome to join! Though we would love to hear from you, there is no expectation to
contribute during the meeting either - you are always welcome to just sit in and listen.

This project is a community effort, and everyone is welcome to contribute. Everyone within the community
is expected to abide by our `code of conduct <https://github.com/pydata/xarray/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md>`_.

Where to start?
===============

If you are brand new to *xarray* or open-source development, we recommend going
through the `GitHub "issues" tab <https://github.com/pydata/xarray/issues>`_
to find issues that interest you.
Some issues are particularly suited for new contributors by the label `Documentation <https://github.com/pydata/xarray/labels/topic-documentation>`_
and `good first issue
<https://github.com/pydata/xarray/labels/contrib-good-first-issue>`_ where you could start out.
These are well documented issues, that do not require a deep understanding of the internals of xarray.

The xarray project does not assign issues. Issues are "assigned" by opening

> a PR; there is no other assignment mechanism. If you have opened such a PR, please comment on the issue

Reviewer: The comment in the issue is not really necessary.
Maybe we should instead mention that the author should follow the PR template, which mentions the issue (and therefore gets linked to the issue anyway).

Author: Where should I mention the PR template while the author does a commit to PR or while opening a new PR? I'm confused.
@headtr1ck

Reviewer: Usually when you open a PR there should be a pre-filled template.
(It seems that you didn't get it, or choose to ignore it ;)

Author: You are talking about this right?
[ ]Closes #xxxx
[ ]Tests added
[ ]User visible changes (including notable bug fixes) are documented in whats-new.rst
[ ]New functions/methods are listed in api.rst

Reviewer: Yes, exactly.

Author: Then shall I mention about this in the opening a PR section?

Reviewer: Ah yes ofc.
But anyway the comment on the issue is not required.

Author: Yeah, I understood
Thanks!

on the PR rather than opening a new PR. However, if the existing PR is an outline, unlikely to work, or
stalled, and the original author is unresponsive, feel free to open a new PR referencing the old one.

Once you've found an interesting issue, you can return here to get your development environment setup.

.. _contributing.bug_reports:

Bug reports and enhancement requests
====================================

Bug reports are an important part of making *xarray* more stable. Having a complete bug
report will allow others to reproduce the bug and provide insight into fixing.

Trying out the bug-producing code on the *main* branch is often a worthwhile exercise
to confirm that the bug still exists. It is also worth searching existing bug reports and
pull requests to see if the issue has already been reported and/or fixed.

Submitting a bug report
-----------------------

If you find a bug in the code or documentation, do not hesitate to submit a ticket to the
`Issue Tracker <https://github.com/pydata/xarray/issues>`_.
You are also welcome to post feature requests or pull requests.

> If you are reporting a bug, please do your best to include the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are reporting a bug, please use the provided template which includes the following:
```

  Large parts of this document came from the `Pandas Contributing
  Guide <http://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/contributing.html>`_.

We welcome your skills and enthusiasm at the xarray project!. There are numerous opportunities to

> contribute, beyond just programming, as you can see below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
contribute beyond just writing code.
```

> All contributions, bug reports, bug fixes, documentation improvements, enhancements, and ideas

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All contributions, including bug reports, bug fixes, documentation improvements, enhancement suggestions, and other ideas
```

are welcome.

> If you have any questions on the process or how to fix something feel free to ask on
> `Discord <https://discord.com/invite/wEKPCt4PDu>`_ or on `GitHub Discussions <https://github.com/pydata/xarray/discussions>`_
> or on our `mailing list <https://groups.google.com/g/xarray>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have any questions on the process or how to fix something feel free to ask us!
The recommended place to ask a question is on `GitHub Discussions <https://github.com/pydata/xarray/discussions>`_, but we also have a 
`Discord <https://discord.com/invite/wEKPCt4PDu>`_ and a `mailing list <https://groups.google.com/g/xarray>`_. There is also a `"python-xarray" tag on Stack Overflow <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/python-xarray>`_ which we monitor for questions.
```

We also have a biweekly community call, details of which are announced on the
`Developers meeting <https://docs.xarray.dev/en/stable/developers-meeting.html>`_.

> You are very welcome to join.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You are very welcome to join! Though we would love to hear from you, there is no expectation to contribute during the meeting either - you are always welcome to just sit in and listen.
```

    make clean
    make html

Writing ReST pages
------------------

Most documentation is either in the docstrings of individual classes and methods, in explicit
``.rst`` files, or in examples and tutorials. All of these use the
`ReST <https://docutils.sourceforge.io/rst.html>`_ syntax and are processed by
`Sphinx <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/>`_.

This section contains additional information and conventions how ReST is used in the
xarray documentation.

Section formatting
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We aim to follow the recommendations from the
`Python documentation <https://devguide.python.org/documentation/start-documenting/index.html#sections>`_

> and the `Sphinx reStructuredText documentation <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#sections>`_ f

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the `Sphinx reStructuredText documentation <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#sections>`_ for
```
The for got split up

or section markup characters,

- ``#`` with overline, for parts. This is reserved for the main title in ``index.rst``. All other pages should start with "chapter" or lower.

- ``*`` with overline, for chapters

- ``=``, for sections

> - ``-``, for subsections

Reviewer: Seeing how we use "~" for subsections something seems wrong here? Just look at the subsection some lines above.

Author: yeah, I have added.

- ``^``, for subsubsections

- ``"``, for paragraphs

Referring to other documents and sections
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`Sphinx  <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/>`_ allows internal
`references <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html>`_ between documents.

Documents can be linked with the ``:doc:`` directive:

::

    See the :doc:`/getting-started-guide/installing`

>     See the tutorial :doc:`/getting-started-guide/quick-overview`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See the :doc:`/getting-started-guide/quick-overview`
```
Or adjust the expected outcome, whatever you prefer

All tests should go into the ``tests`` subdirectory of the specific package.
This folder contains many current examples of tests, and we suggest looking to these for
inspiration.  If your test requires working with files or

> network connectivity.

Reviewer: Now this sentence is incomplete. Why did you remove the rest?

Author: https://github.com/pydata/xarray/wiki/Testing -> this is a broken link. And I could not find any wiki page on xarray.
So I deleted the link, I did not remove the entire sentence.

I'll remove the entire sentence.
